Update PacketCoders and add IP Fabric (#117)
networktocode/awesome-network-automation: README.md

 - [Forward Networks](https://forwardnetworks.com) - Forward Enterprise documents, searches, verifies, and predicts the behavior of your network by creating an always-accurate software copy of your entire network infrastructure for both on-prem and cloud.
- [Glue](http://gluenetworks.com/about-us-the-glue-team/) - With Gluware, the Glue Networks vision and team are continuing to trail-blaze at the forefront of the networking industry with multi-vendor orchestration solutions for Data Center, WAN and LAN networks.
- [Intentionet](https://www.intentionet.com/) - Intentionet provides a hosted or on-premise network validation software solution based on [Batfish](http://www.batfish.org). Intentionet Sage's model-based network simulation enables pre-commit validation for all network changes, ensuring only correct changes are pushed to the network, thereby reducing outages and breaches while improving network agility.

> - [IP Fabric](https://ipfabric.io/) - Network assurance tool with vendor agnostic network discovery, inventory, modelling and mapping of on-prem and cloud networks.  Snapshots create a point-in-time view to verify that network behaves as intended after changes. GUI replaces your network documentation, and API used to keep all your SoT, automation tooling and monitoring up to date.

Reviewer: Looks good @darenfulwell. Nice to see ipfabric on the list. Wonder could we refine the documentation bit as:
```suggestion
- [IP Fabric](https://ipfabric.io/) - Network assurance tool with vendor agnostic network discovery, inventory, modelling and mapping of on-prem and cloud networks.  Snapshots create a point-in-time view to verify that network behaves as intended after changes. GUI supports your network documentation with accurate, live network representation, and API used to keep all your SoT, automation tooling and monitoring up to date.
```
